[DOCSP-41529] cleanup ticket and organization (#65)
mongodb/docs-java-rs: source/read/retrieve-data.txt

Additional Information
----------------------

To learn more about query filters, see :ref:`java-rs-specify-query`.

> For runnable code examples of retrieving documents with the {+driver-short+}, see

Reviewer: S: to avoid "with":
```suggestion
For runnable code examples of retrieving documents by using the {+driver-short+}, see
```
